# Unicode, Inc. License Agreement – Data Files and Software

Unicode Data Files include all Data Files under the directories
<http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/>,
<http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/, http://source.icu-project.org/repos/icu/>,
<http://www.unicode.org/ivd/data/>, and
<http://www.unicode.org/utility/trac/browser/>. Unicode Data Files do not
include PDF online code charts under the directory
<http://www.unicode.org/Public/>. Software includes any source code published in
the Unicode Standard or under the directories <http://www.unicode.org/Public/,
http://www.unicode.org/reports/>, <http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/,
http://source.icu-project.org/repos/icu/>, and
<http://www.unicode.org/utility/trac/browser/>.

**Notice to user**: Carefully read the following legal agreement. By
downloading, installing, copying or otherwise using Unicode, Inc.’s data files
(“Data Files”), and/or software (“Software”), you unequivocally accept, and
agree to be bound by, all of the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you
do not agree, do not download, install, copy, distribute or use the Data Files
or Software.

## Copyright and Permission Notice
Copyright © 1991-2016 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed
under the Terms of Use in <http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html>.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
the Unicode Data Files and any associated documentation (the “Data Files”) or
Unicode software and any associated documentation (the “Software”) to deal in
the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or
Software are furnished to do so, provided that either (a) this copyright and
permission notice appear with all copies of the Data Files or Software, or (b)
this copyright and permission notice appear in associated Documentation.

**The Data Files and Software are provided “as is”, without warranty of any
kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement of third
party rights. In no event shall the copyright holder or holders included in this
notice be liable for any claim, or any special indirect or consequential
damages, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits,
whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising
out of or in connection with the use or performance of the Data Files or
Software.** Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of
the copyright holder.
